
Usage:

  sipp remote_host[:remote_port] [options]

  Available options:

   -v               : Display version and copyright information.

   -bg              : Launch the tool in background mode.

   -p local_port    : Set the local port number. Default is a
                      random free port chosen by the system.

   -i local_ip      : Set the local IP address for 'Contact:',
                      'Via:', and 'From:' headers. Default is
                      primary host IP address.

   -inf file_name   : input file name from where call specific 
                      data is read. First line should say "RANDOM"
                      or "SEQUENTIAL" and subsequent lines should
                      be of the form
                      field0;field1;field2...\n

   -d duration      : Controls the length (in milliseconds) of
                      of calls. More precisely, this controls
                      the duration of 'pause' instructions in
                      the scenario, if they do not have a
                      'milliseconds' section. Default value is 0.

   -r rate (cps)    : Set the call rate (in calls per seconds).
                      This value can be changed during test by
                      pressing ENTER. Default is 10.

   -sf filename     : Loads an alternate xml scenario file.
                      To learn more about XML scenario syntax,
                      use the -sd option to dump embedded 
                      scenarios. They contain all the necessary
                      help.

   -sn name         : Use a default scenario (embedded in
                      the sipp executable). Available values
                      in this version:

                        'uac'      : Standard SipStone UAC (default).
                        'uas'      : Simple UAS responder (UDP only).
                        'regexp'   : Standard SipStone UAC - with
                                     regexp and variables.

                      Default 3pcc scanerios (see -3pcc option):

                        '3pcc-C-A' : Controller A side (must be started                                     after all other 3pcc scenarios)
                        '3pcc-C-B' : Controller B side.
                        '3pcc-A'   : A side.
                        '3pcc-B'   : B side.

   -sd name         : Dumps a default scenario (embeded in
                      the sipp executable)

   -t [u1|un|t1|tn] : Set the transport mode:

                        u1: UDP with one socket (default),
                        un: UDP with one socket per call,
                        t1: TCP with one socket,
                        tn: TCP with one socket per call.

   -trace_msg       : Displays sent and received SIP messages in
                      sipp_messages.log

   -trace_stat      : Dumps all statistics in the <scenario_name.csv>
                      file. Use the '-h stat' option for a detailed
                      description of the statistics file content.

   -stf file_name   : Set the file name to use to dump statistics

   -trace_err       : Trace all unexpected messages in
                      sipp_errors.log.

   -s service_name  : Set the username part of the resquest URI.
                      Default is 'service'.

   -f frequency     : Set the statistics report frequency on screen
                      (in seconds). Default is 1.

   -fd frequency    : Set the statistics dump log report frequency
                      (in seconds). Default is 60.

   -l calls_limit   : Set the maximum number of simultaneous
                      calls. Once this limit is reached, traffic
                      is decreased until the number of open calls
                      goes down. Default:

                        (3 * call_duration (s) * rate).

   -m calls         : Stop the test and exit when 'calls' calls are
                      processed.

   -mp local_port   : Set the local RTP echo port number. Default
                      is none. RTP/UDP packets received on that
                      port are echoed to their sender.

   -mi local_rtp_ip : Set the local IP address for RTP echo.

   -3pcc ip:port    : Launch the tool in 3pcc mode ("Third Party
                      call control"). The passed ip address
                      is the address of the twin sipp 3pcc tool
                      The used scenario must be a 3pcc relative
                      scenario

   -nr              : Disable retransmission in UDP mode.
   -rsa host:port   : Set the remote sending address to host:port.
                      for sending the messages.


Exit code:

   Upon exit (on fatal error or when the number of asked calls (-m
   option) is reached, sipp exits with one of the following exit
   code:
    0: All calls were successful
    1: At least one call failed
   99: Normal exit without calls processed
   -1: Fatal error


Example:

   Run sipp with embedded server (uas) scenario:
     ./sipp -sn uas
   On the same host, run sipp with embedded client (uac) scenario
     ./sipp -sn uac 127.0.0.1

